docs(new-tutorial): add routing unit (#5583)
refinedev/refine: documentation/tutorial/routing/inferring-parameters/react-router/index.md

---
title: Inferring Parameters
---

import { Sandpack, AddInferenceToEditProduct, AddInferenceToCreateProduct, AddInferenceToShowProduct, AddInferenceToListProducts } from "./sandpack.tsx";

<Sandpack>

Now we've learned about the `useNavigation` hook and how to handle navigation with Refine. In this step, we'll be updating components to benefit from the parameter inference of Refine.

> Refine when integrated with a router provider, infers the parameters from the route definitions and uses them in its hooks and components. This way, you don't need to pass the `resource`, `id` and `action` parameters to the hooks and components manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When integrated with a router provider, Refine infers the parameters from route definitions and incorporates them into its hooks and components, eliminating the need for manual passing of `resource`, `id` and `action` parameters.
```

:::tip

You can always pass the parameters manually if you want to override the inferred parameters.

:::

## Updating the `ListProducts` Component

Let's update our `<ListProducts />` component and omit the `resource` parameter from the `useTable` hook.

Try to update your `src/list-products.tsx` file with the following lines:

```tsx title="src/list-products.tsx"
import { useTable, useMany } from "@refinedev/core";

export const ListProducts = () => {
  const {
    tableQueryResult: { data, isLoading },
    current,
    setCurrent,
    pageCount,
    sorters,
    setSorters,
  } = useTable({
    // removed-line
    resource: "products",
    pagination: { current: 1, pageSize: 10 },
    sorters: { initial: [{ field: "id", order: "asc" }] },
  });

  /* ... */
};
```

<AddInferenceToListProducts />

## Updating the `ShowProduct` Component

Let's update our `<ShowProduct />` component and omit the `resource` and `id` parameters. Remember that previously we've hard-coded the `id` parameter. Now we'll be letting Refine to infer the `id` parameter from the route definition and dynamically fetch the product.

> We'll also start using `useShow` hook which is wrapper around `useOne`. Unlike the useOne hook, it offers inference capabilities, eliminating the need to explicitly pass `resource` and `id` parameters

Author: ```suggestion
We'll also start using [`useShow`](/docs/data/hooks/use-show) hook which is wrapper around `useOne`. Unlike the useOne hook, it offers inference capabilities, eliminating the need to explicitly pass `resource` and `id` parameters
```

> We'll also switch from `useOne` hook to `useShow` hook. The `useShow` hook is a wrapper around the `useOne` hook and provides inference abilities unlike the `useOne` hook which requires the `resource` and `id` parameters to be passed explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll also start using `useShow` hook which is wrapper around `useOne`. Unlike the useOne hook, it offers inference capabilities, eliminating the need to explicitly pass `resource` and `id` parameters
```

Reviewer: Maybe adding links for useShow?

> We'll also switch from `useOne` hook to `useShow` hook. The `useShow` hook is a wrapper around the `useOne` hook and provides inference abilities unlike the `useOne` hook which requires the `resource` and `id` parameters to be passed explicitly.

Author: ```suggestion
We'll also switch from `useOne` hook to [`useShow`](/docs/data/hooks/use-show) hook. The `useShow` hook is a wrapper around the `useOne` hook and provides inference abilities unlike the `useOne` hook which requires the `resource` and `id` parameters to be passed explicitly.
```

> We'll also switch from `useOne` hook to `useShow` hook. The `useShow` hook is a wrapper around the `useOne` hook and provides inference abilities unlike the `useOne` hook which requires the `resource` and `id` parameters to be passed explicitly.

Author: ```suggestion
We'll also switch from `useOne` hook to [`useShow`](/docs/data/hooks/use-show) hook. The `useShow` hook is a wrapper around the `useOne` hook and provides inference abilities unlike the `useOne` hook which requires the `resource` and `id` parameters to be passed explicitly.
```
